Your Highness, I heard that you are ready to start the imperial examination, right?
Uh, yeah.
Those old foxes can't stand it after all
Now the court
We must recruit more talents
Real talent
Your Highness
I got the underwear news.
Now the underwear is in short supply.
Plus there's not a lot of taxes at all these years
I'm afraid so.
It takes a lot of money to make weapons and gunpowder
Now the underwear is in short supply.
It can't support the expenditure of the imperial examination at all.
The way of selecting talents through imperial examinations must be carried out
Now the court is scattered
It is necessary to absorb fresh blood
Completely eliminate this evil atmosphere
Your Highness
Weapons are also important
This can't be relaxed at all
Well, if I'm not mistaken
The golden man will definitely come to the capital to ask for someone
Also they will not give up the sheep election
So there are no weapons as checks and balances
Gold people will definitely be more rampant
Golden people always come to Ruma
If it can't be negotiated smoothly
I'm afraid it will be done directly
Battles on the front lines also require weapons
But what about the money?
Hey, you don't have to worry about these things.
You've done a lot over the years
Let me do the upsetting. Okay.
Your Highness, I will arrange the use of the underwear money.
Yes, Your Highness
Next time you want to kiss, please be upright and wise.
Otherwise, I'm afraid I'll accidentally hurt you by mistake.
Does he agree?